[docs] Update CONTRIBUTING.md with 3.x branch (#16193)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

We will do our best to keep `next` in good shape, with tests passing at all times.
However, in order to move fast, we will make API changes that your application might not be compatible with.

#### `master` is for 4.x

> Only important bug fixes should be applied to `master` at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only important bug fixes should be applied to `3.x` at this point.
```
